Alter wording for support of extended query protocol on 2024.2 docs for connection manager (#26728)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/explore/going-beyond-sql/connection-mgr-ysql.md

| ysql_conn_mgr_tcp_keepalive_usr_timeout | TCP user timeout (in milliseconds) in YSQL Connection Manager. Only applicable if 'ysql_conn_mgr_tcp_keepalive' is enabled. | 9 |
| ysql_conn_mgr_pool_timeout | Server pool wait timeout (in milliseconds) in YSQL Connection Manager. This is the time clients wait for an available server, after which they are disconnected. If set to zero, clients wait for server connections indefinitely. | 0 |
| ysql_conn_mgr_sequence_support_mode | Sequence support mode when YSQL connection manager is enabled. When set to 'pooled_without_curval_lastval', the currval() and lastval() functions are not supported. When set to 'pooled_with_curval_lastval', the currval() and lastval() functions are supported. For both settings, monotonic sequence order is not guaranteed if `ysql_sequence_cache_method` is set to `connection`. To also support monotonic order, set this flag to `session`. | pooled_without_curval_lastval |

> | ysql_conn_mgr_optimized_extended_query_protocol | Enables optimization of the [extended-query protocol](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/protocol-overview.html#PROTOCOL-QUERY-CONCEPTS) for improved performance. Note that while this optimization is enabled, schema changes to objects referenced in prepared statements may result in retriable errors (e.g., due to stale cached plans). When set to false, extended-query protocol handling avoids such errors by disabling plan caching optimizations. | true |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ysql_conn_mgr_optimized_extended_query_protocol | Enables optimization of the [extended-query protocol](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/protocol-overview.html#PROTOCOL-QUERY-CONCEPTS) for improved performance. Note that while this optimization is enabled, schema changes to objects referenced in prepared statements may result in retryable errors (for example, due to stale cached plans). When set to false, extended-query protocol handling avoids such errors by disabling plan caching optimizations. | true |
```
